Update tailscale name resolution on examples (#281)
farm-ng/amiga-dev-kit: website/docs/examples/camera_aruco_detector/README.md

### 5. Execute the Python script

To run this script from your PC, you need to update the `service_config.json`
by modifying the `host` field with your Amiga brain name.

> Please check out the [Amiga Development 101](../../concepts/system_overview/README.md#where-to-run-the-examples)

Reviewer: Use doc paths for links. Please fix this here and in all other examples
```suggestion
Please check out the [Amiga Development 101](/docs/concepts/system_overview/#where-to-run-the-examples)
```

Author: Done here: b5cef04c9604e21e0de401d3c546fbe0382efd1f
